Update built-in-monitoring.md (#12571)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md

## Metrics retention policy

> The monitoring data is kept for 7 days in Dedicated Tier and for 3 days in Serverless Tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Dedicated Tier, the monitoring data is kept for 7 days.
- For Serverless Tier, the monitoring data is kept for 2 days.
```

Reviewer 2: 3 days on server less.

Reviewer: Thanks. Updated.

## Metrics retention policy

> - For Dedicated Tier, the monitoring data is kept for 7 days.
> - For Serverless Tier, the monitoring data is kept for 3 days.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- For Dedicated Tier clusters, the monitoring data is kept for 7 days.
- For Serverless Tier clusters, the monitoring data is kept for 3 days.
```
